The Field of Play
=================

The competitions take place on a rectangular field, which contains two goals and field lines, as shown in Fig. 1.


Playing Surface
---------------

The field consists of a flat and even ground which is covered with green carpet artificial green grass with a yarn length of approximately 30mm.
The white lines are 5 cm wide.
Line segments of 10 cm length are used to denote penalty mark and the kick-off position (center mark).
The longer outer field lines are called touch lines, whereas the shorter outer field lines are called goal lines.
The field is surrounded by a border strip, which is also covered with green carpet artificial grass.
The world outside the border strip is undefined.


Goals
-----

A goal is placed in the middle of each goal line.
Both of the goals have a colored yellow white frame.
Nets in grey or black color are attached to the goals and the ground behind the goal, provided that they are properly supported and do not interfere with the goalkeeper.
The mesh size for this net is suggested to be less than 4 cm in order to keep the risk of entanglement low.
The upper side of the goal should not be covered by a net in order to allow for easy access to the robots from above.
The goals for the KidSize field have a crossbar at a height of 110 cm.
The height of the net is 100 cm and it is open from the top (see Fig. 2).
The TeenSize and AdultSize goals have a crossbar at height of 180 cm and the height of the net is 120 cm.
The goal posts and crossbars are cylindrical and have a diameter of 10 cm (see Fig. 2).


Lighting
--------

The lighting conditions depend on the actual competition site.
Lighting temperature may differ significantly from previous years, as only ceiling lights are used.
The field is illuminated presuming a sufficient bright and constant lighting on the field (i.e. no daylight).


People Area
-----------

Around the field of play (Figure 1) a field zone is defined on site in which only the referee (Section 5), the assistant referees (Section 6) and the two robot handlers are allowed to stay during the game.
All persons in the field zone must not show colors below their waist that are the same as or similar to any of the defined colors on the field.
The field zone must give sufficient space to the referees and robot handlers for passing behind the goals.
All other people (including other team members, organizational staff, representatives of the press and the media etc.) must stay outside the field zone.
